skeleton installation (#188)
triggermesh/docs: docs/guides/installation.md

These four steps are highlighted below. The first two steps (i.e Access to a Kubernetes cluster and installation of Knative are not described in details in this documentation). After completing those four steps you can validate your TriggerMesh installation.

## Pre-requisites

The knative project is a dependency of TriggerMesh, install it using the instructions in the [documentation](https://knative.dev/docs/admin/install/)

* A kubernetes cluster version `v1.20+`
* knative `v0.26+`

## Install the CRDs

All TriggerMersh APIs are implemented as Kubernetes CRDs, which we need to create before deploying the controller. The following `kubectl apply` command will create all CRDs.

```
kubectl apply -f https://github.com/triggermesh/triggermesh/releases/download/v1.10.1-rc1/triggermesh-crds.yaml
```

## Install the controller

By default the controller gets deployed in the `triggermesh` namespace. First create that namespace:

```
kubectl create ns triggermesh
```

Then deploy the controller with the following `kubectl apply` command:

```
kubectl apply -f https://github.com/triggermesh/triggermesh/releases/download/v1.10.1-rc1/triggermesh.yaml
```

## Verifying the installation

> Upon succesful creation of the CRDs and successfull deployment of the controller you should see two Pods running in the `triggermesh` namespace

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upon successful creation of the CRDs and successful deployment of the controller you should see two Pods running in the `triggermesh` namespace
```

```
kubectl get pods -n triggermesh
$ kubectl get pods -n triggermesh
NAME                                                   READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
